Update index.mdx (#35034)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/plugins/index.mdx

# Managing Plugins

Terraform relies on plugins called providers to manage various types

> of resources. For more information about providers, see

Reviewer: For context: we use "refer to" to keep our language inclusive for those using screen readers:
```suggestion
of resources. For more information about providers, refer to
```

[Providers](/terraform/language/providers) in the Terraform
language docs.

-> **Note:** Providers are the only plugin type most Terraform users interact with. Terraform also supports third-party provisioner plugins, but
we discourage their use.

> Terraform downloads or installs any providers

Author: Sounds good. Just trying to avoid slash constructions since "or" implies "and", https://developers.google.com/style/slashes#and-or

> Terraform downloads or installs any providers

Author: Updated in commit https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/pull/35034/commits/1b4ef650ec366fffda94b74d83b9c5be73f4bac6
